fix(pgw): note recommended solution (#3867)
scaleway/docs-content: network/public-gateways/troubleshooting/cant-connect-to-instance-with-pn-gateway.mdx

If DHCP **is** activated and your Public Gateway **is** set to advertise a default route, not being able to connect to your Instance via SSH is **expected behavior**. All the traffic towards your Instance now goes through the Public Gateway. 

To access your Instance using SSH in this scenario, the recommended solution is to use [SSH bastion](/network/public-gateways/how-to/use-ssh-bastion/).

<Message type="important">

> SSH bastion is the recommended solution. For advanced users only, another manual workaround is to create a static NAT association between a port of your Public Gateway (eg 2222) and the private IP assigned to your Instance, on the SSH port (22 by default). Then, SSH to the Public Gateway's IP on port 2222.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SSH bastion is the recommended solution. For advanced users only, another manual workaround is to create a static NAT association between a port of your Public Gateway (e.g. `2222`) and the private IP assigned to your Instance, on the SSH port (`22` by default). Then, SSH to the Public Gateway's IP on port `2222`.
```
